---
layout: page
permalink: /terms/
title: Terms of use
description: "Anidro Terms of Use"
modified: 2019-06-07
---

__The following Terms of Use (“Terms”or “Agreement”) constitutes a legal agreement between you (“you”) and, and Lyubomir Ganev (“Developer”). YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS AND USE THE ANIDRO APPLICATION (“APPLICATION”) IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED ON ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE APPLICATION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.__

__1. General.__ The Application is to be used only under the terms of this Agreement, and the Developer reserves all rights not expressly granted to you. The rights granted herein are limited to the Developer’s and his licensors’ intellectual property rights in the Application and do not include any other patents or intellectual property rights. The terms of this Agreement will govern any software upgrades provided by the Developer that replace and/or supplement the original Application product, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in which case the terms of that license will govern. 

Title and intellectual property rights in and to any content displayed by or accessed through the Application belongs to the respective content owner. Such content may be protected by copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties, and may be subject to terms of use of the third party providing such content. This Agreement does not grant you any rights to use such content.

__2. Permitted Uses and Restrictions.__ These Terms allows you to install and use a single copy of the Application on a particular device.

   The Application may be used to reproduce materials so long as such use is limited to reproduction of non-copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or materials you are authorized or legally permitted to reproduce. Except as and only to the extent expressly permitted in this Agreement or by applicable law, you may not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, or create derivative works of the Application or any part thereof. THE APPLICATION IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE IN THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEMS, LIFE SUPPORT MACHINES OR OTHER EQUIPMENT IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE APPLICATION COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. 

__3. Transfer.__ You may not rent, lease, lend or sublicense the Application.

__4. Termination.__ This Agreement is effective until terminated. Your rights under this Agreement will terminate automatically without notice from the Developer if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this Agreement. Upon the termination of this Agreement, you shall cease all use of the Application and uninstall the Application from your device.

__5. Disclaimer of Warranties.__ YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. THE APPLICATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND THE DEVELOPER AND THE DEVELOPER’S LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS “DEVELOPER” FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 5 AND 6) HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. THE DEVELOPER DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE APPLICATION, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE APPLICATION WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE APPLICATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE APPLICATION WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY THE DEVELOPER SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE APPLICATION PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

__6. Limitation of Liability.__ TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE DEVELOPER BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE APPLICATION, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF THE DEVELOPER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

__7. Complete Agreement; Governing Language.__ These Terms constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the use of the Application licensed hereunder and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter. No amendment to or modification of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by the Developer. Any translation of this Agreement is done for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of this Agreement shall govern.

__8. MPEG-4 Notice.__ This product is licensed under the MPEG-4 Systems Patent Portfolio License for encoding in compliance with the MPEG-4 Systems Standard, except that an additional license and payment of royalties are necessary for encoding in connection with (i) data stored or replicated in physical media which is paid for on a title by title basis and/or (ii) data which is paid for on a title by title basis and is transmitted to an end user for permanent storage and/or use. Such additional license may be obtained from MPEG LA, LLC. See [http://www.mpegla.com](http://www.mpegla.com) for additional details.

   Additional use licenses and fees are required for use of information encoded in compliance with the MPEG-4 Visual Standard other than the personal and non-commercial use of a consumer (i) in connection with information which has been encoded in compliance with the MPEG-4 Visual Standard by a consumer engaged in a personal and non-commercial activity, and/or (ii) in connection with MPEG-4 encoded video under license from a video provider. Additional information including that relating to promotional,internal and commercial uses and licensing may be obtained from MPEG LA, LLC. See [http://www.mpegla.com](http://www.mpegla.com).

__9. H.264/AVC Notice.__ To the extent that the Application contains AVC encoding and/or decoding functionality, commercial use of H.264/AVC requires additional licensing and the following provision applies: THE AVC FUNCTIONALITY IN THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED HEREIN ONLY FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD ("AVC VIDEO").

__10. Crashlytics Notice.__ In order to provide continuous improvement, the Application uses the crash reporting service Crashlytics. By agreeing with this Agreement you also agree with the terms of the Crashlytics service. For more information, please refer to the Crashlytics terms under the following address: [https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics)